I will not be sad case of the day at the new Porsche 911 turbo
aleksandra wozniak and a tray of new snapshots of the star who left in late
show that promises to be exciting
so
alongside the panamera that the sting firm to discover on the
first time on a promontory porsche will present in September
next his new 911 turbo is under the hood that are located
main changes of this seventh generation of the sports
she indeed traded her 3600 verses of 480 horses for 1 3 8 8 of 500
gasoline direct injection drivers a first in 35 years of history
on the land side it is still necessary to say that the time is going
cut off his head by 85 kilos the 0 to 100 is shot in 3 seconds 4
against 3 07 before and the maximum speed of chemistry at 3 112 kilometers
hour for as much rejects these data are down 18% and the
conso with the efficient dual clutch s tronic Morocco
through the friendly tariffs climb by nearly 3000 euros per ticket
entrance and 140 7624 euros arrived November 3
for the most impatient of you direction she is time secretary
partial porcher offers a choice their agreement once your drunk on
the nerves dedecker the net after the message adds that the republic more
the mysteries of the island
thoroughly because Marc will not arrive empty-handed either the manufacturer
Japanese will introduce his new friends and 6000 t before buying models
four times already marketed in several markets
international markers we'll talk about next summer if we
to receive to the new continuously variable box under the
hood one should among others find the famous four-cylinder diesel ap the
sum of 158 yet this year in progress
and then finishing his chapters are strong with el hadji rasul khan finally the
sites engines authority not yet the star site should have finished playing
the arlésienne in september
concepts of the southern harbor had been unveiled for the first time in
short the sites offer new shots of the beautiful easy gain
eliminated overhanging one discovers the configuration is less than 7 14
what place the first models animated by the desire to give birth
to choose your arrival and start 2010
in the end this newspaper general management of the city of laval leaders
Germans have disappeared I claim to radio-canada it's been a month of April
the visit of m
the blonde of foods are joined from the finish in the fight I read the
newspaper bild
the mark on time
one of its members
bode miller held the day of league 2
complete arrival aline